B: I think you have got
Then we will read my quotation about kundalini. There it is given with diagram.
And here in tantric literature, they say so many things about kundalini. A man can fly, a
man can do this thing, this miracle, everything. I don't care, only two, three things are
there. Nothing of the sort.
A: Why do people aspire for kundalini?
B: Well, when they commit so many mistakes, one of the mistakes is also, is this also.
I never aspired for kundalini. I did not know even that my kundalini is
awakened. Of course, I suspected only, that's all. But Master said, "You've awakened
kundalini of this person". Then I came to know I've got power, my kundalini is also
awakened. Then I came to know for certain.
A: I guess, at a certain state, it gets awakened automatically.
B: Automatically also  So there is a case of that sort also. When it starts automatically, there
is a pain. And I suffered from this pain for 2-3 years. Not all the time, sometimes a vein, a
vein ..., in doing something like that and it produces pain. I am going and I got the pain
immediately.
A: Where do you get the pain?
B: Here, below the navel.

Here I got it. In this way I begin to study. Sometimes I'm going. In the office I'm
going out and I felt there. I immediately got hold of that ... chair and sat, of course 1, 2,
3 minutes after, it was over. And a friend of mine said, "What . • • • pain immediately it
started. And gone also".
So Kasturi was feeling that sort of pain, ...

A: So she ...

B: Yes Kasturi was feeling, so I studied and said the pain is here. No not there. Her mother
was also there. I said, "Do you feel pain below the navel?" (Hindi: She said), "Yes". Then her
mother said, "Well, I go to the doctor for this purpose". (Hindi: I said), "Please don't go". And
immediately, it was prepared, immediately I touched it, and it was awakened, there was no
pain at all. Not this type of pain that you cannot bear. Of course to a certain extent it was
unbearable, in my case. To a certain extent.