   I asked my Master, for my present state, this is a very good subject. Well you have tried so much, to prepare me for this work or for my ... for liberation, for anything. You tried so much. Is it the condition after the realisation, which I am having? But tasteless taste, I say, tasteless taste.
Tasteless taste.
Abhyasi:	Ja, ja.
Babuji: I said this is the tasteless state, for which you were striving for me, and I was also striving for me, whatever I could do. Yes. He guided very well, inter- communication you see, he guided very well.
   Suppose I draw this condition from you. How would you feel? (Hindi: I said), "I shall prefer death". (Hindi: He said), "How, what is that, which you prefer death, but you do not want to part with it?". Because it is indescribeable. So balanced state, of course we say, in a way it may be correct. But there is neither balanced nor unbalanced.
   But something in order to, to tell you, or to convince you, some coin ?.. words will be coined.
Abhyasi:	Yes, it's very good you give all this.
Babuji:	And coinage is not reality.
Coinage is not reality.
Abhyasi:	What does that word mean exactly.
Babuji:	Coin, coin
Abhyasi:	Define words ?
Babuji:		Making words, making new words, new words, selecting new words for new expressions . . . .
But when words are not there, how to write?
     Somewhere I called 'dumb state' In my diary you will find, dumb state. Ah, it is be wrong. Because what is dumb? . . . . a man never becomes dumb, but there is no other word. There is no other word to express that thing.
(Danish: explanation of what was said).
   So for that the Master said, and I replied back. "There is neither enjoyment not joy". The highest condition.
Abhyasi:	But on the way there will be something.
Babuji:		In the way of course there will be ?.. No bliss nothing of the sort. And what is the real bliss, that nobody has explained.
Abhyasi:	Bliss means?
Babuji:	Bliss means, the word is 'Anand'. That means happiness.
Abhyasi:	Yes
Babuji:	So, this bliss is higher than happiness. Happiness has got some material tinge.
Abhyasi:	Ja.
Babuji:	Tinge. Tinge. And	, the word?
Abhyasi:	Bliss.
Babuji:		Bliss. Highest ?.. only has got, ... Divine touch. That is the difference. But you feel it. That is, bliss is better than, what do you call,	happiness.
Abhyasi:	That must be because the senses	has been summarized.


Babuji:	And you see, and it is not better than the reality.
Abhyasi:	No.
Babuji:	So it is also a wrong word, so how to express it?
I also said, I've also said, salt.
Abhyasi:	Salt?
Babuji: Salt, so much salt is there. And you taste it, you will find salty. So take out that salt, and then taste. Salt is there but saltiness is not there. And sweetness is also not there. That is sweetness is not there if you take out that, by some experiment of some kind, with the help of a scientific instrument you take out the sait, out of it. And you will taste it, you find no taste.
     So if saltiness is withdrawn, you cannot explain it. I said, I ?.. somewhere in the article I have written. Salt without salt, something like that.


