Abhyasi: Master, can you explain what surrender is?
Babuji: First of all I should say in this way: How to do it?
     You try to feel dependency, that is the thing. And suppose, it is not that you go to the temple or some other holy place, in church or mosque, and fall flat on the ground, saying, "Oh! God, I myself surrender to you!" And they think it is enough. It is not enough. Feel the dependency. And the thing will itself develop. I never tried for that, because it was at that time, at the age of 21, I did not know what is surrender, it was also the fact, but this idea never crossed in my mind, that I was surrendered. I found it too much difficult.
Abhyasi: Dependency on God, during meditation only, or ...?
Babuji: Every time ! But during meditation you should have your own meditation. But if the thought comes there is no harm at all, because there becomes two channels - there must be one only. Remembrance - meditation is a sort of remembrance.
     As the child is always dependent, to the mother. Suppose a tiger comes, and pounces upon the child, he will go into the arms of the mother. And although his mother cannot save him from being devoured by the tiger, what you call ? Similarly the surrender, this is the surrender. Fall in the lap of God in every way - and the way I have just told you. Feel the dependency.
     And really in the higher stage, 'Independent in dependency', it becomes. Do you follow? Independent in , what do you call, in dependency. That is a very higher stage.
Abhyasi: How to annihilate 'self'?
Babuji: Of course it is not totally, it cannot be annihilated, just change it. Just a change. It is not 'myself', it is self of the ... of God, or something like that. The word 'mine' should be removed. So it will become all right.
     And self also does good work. You begin to feel that 'I' am doing. And you do the work. It is the work of self. Suppose you want food, self-works, because you want, self-works, but that is the necessity. I don't know, I am clear, or?
Abhyasi: Yes, very clear.
Babuji: Self is needed, this anger is also needed. Abhyasi: Anger is also needed?
Babuji: Yes, anger is also needed. But we should utilize it proper - improper use is bad. This anger gives you excitement. Suppose if that excitement is totally removed, you cannot move towards God, because excitement is not there. But we are using, in bad way.
Abhyasi: When you are divine human being, will anger also be there? Babuji: When you are divine ??
Abhyasi: ? human being, will anger also be, - existing within you? Babuji: Anger should be, but form should be changed.
     Suppose a boy does some work, which you do not want. Then you should be angry on him, or give a beating if necessary, but as much beating as is necessary. That is to correct the man. So in this way, these our miseries and troubles are the beatings of God to correct us.
Abhyasi: So it's good to be misery!


