My Master was not a smoker at all. I asked him, intercommuning whether I should leave. (Hindi: He said), "No!" No! Because in old age you would feel some trouble without it. And people object to it. Somebody, they might have read, in the West and the East, both, "A saint must not smoke!"
     It is given, these things should not be allowed. I reply, a good reply that I have told so many times, this. He said, "Being a saint you smoke". I said, "First of all, please realise your mistake that I am saint, and then question". He was quiet. And you see, half an hour talk, on hookah, wasting my time. Wasting time of course, had there been some spiritual talk, it would have been useful to all of us. So they say, the talk begins on hookah. I said it is a bad habit, but I do it. You please pray for me that I may leave it. He must do some tapas.
     And say, well you would have been more spiritual than the present state, had you left hookah or had you not started smoking. I said, whatever I have my attainment, you please have it and I shall leave hookah! Without smoking you please have it! I smoke and I got so much benefit, and you do not smoke and you encourage me not to smoke. You please leave it and have that condition without smoking.
     Different things I say. I said, I've burnt all my samskars with the help of hookah. This fire burns everything. So it is a sort of mild fire, this smoke. So I have burnt all my samskars, impressions, by this hookah, sometimes I say that.
But such questions are useless.
     Well, such questions, whether I should take wine or not. I said, suppose if I may be here in winter season I shall start, this wine myself. If I am in Denmark, I
will surely drink, but not in packs, that is another thing. In drops. But I shall drink. But there it is a necessity. There it is a necessity. But not so much, a full bottle or half a bottle. That is bad; as much as is needed for your health. That is favorable.
     So my path is something very different from yoga. Yoga, yoga forbidden it, forbids. There it is taken as a medicine, then it is quite all right.


