A lady has written to ..., a lady has written to another lady, "The cause of poverty in India is negative thinking". But she is not right, not negative thinking, but ... laziness. Laziness is the root cause of the poverty, everywhere. Well, suppose laborers are working and you are constructing a house. If they are all lazy, the work will suffer. Laziness and doubts.
Abhyasi: I will ask a question. Babuji: Yes.
Abhyasi: Is it important that we try to registrate our own condition? Babuji: We try to?
Abhyasi: To registrate, to watch our own condition.
Babuji: I mean, I understand in this way, that how can you realise that you are improving?
Do you mean that?
Abhyasi: Pardon
Babuji: You want to know your own condition, whether you are improving or not, do you mean that?
Abhyasi: Allan wants to know if it is very important that we try to watch our own condition ?
Babuji: Oh, in this way. It is not very important, but sometimes a man is wise, the other is wiser, and a third is wisest, although all are wise. All are wise. In this way if you know your own condition it is good. You will be able to explain it to others, and moreover when experiences are there, you will appreciate that.
Abhyasi: Yes.
Babuji: Laziness and doubts ..., of course they are very bad. Laziness and doubts. And I am telling you, I ..., there was a talk with our French friend. The people ask me, "Well I have got one doubt". It is the wrong word. There should be query. Inquire, we want to inquire a certain thing. We say I have a doubt - do you follow me? I mean to say, that they want to inquire any question. They use the word, "Well I have got one doubt". It is not doubt it is query.
Abhyasi: (French: explanation of above point).
Babuji: In worldly matter there are doubts I am telling you, plainly, but in spiritual matter no doubt, but confidence. And as you evolve, this thing naturally comes.
A friend of mine was there, and just when you came, he came at that time, I started, or he started, something about doubts. I was explaining to him. The doubt is very bad and something like that. In the mornings two friends of mine were also there, of South India. I said, "If you want to poison the will, have doubts". And look here, he said, "Now every doubt is gone". "Now", he said, "My doubts all vanished, by this". So doubt is very bad. Inquiry is all right But for inquiry, they use the word doubt, that is the difficuity. You do not know the thing you inquire, there is no doubt about it, but you inquire what is that.
I never use this word, doubt.


