A:	The sender.
B:	No, center the heart. He will connect with the heart.
A:	Yes, that is the receiver, but where do you send?
B: No, that is another thing, that is telepathy I am explaining. In a spiritual way. And that is something else. Suppose if you want to. Of course if a man prays like that, he will be successful.
This is this is the instrument for yourself. You can use it for your ... And this is ..., for the use of the God. So when He will say, it will come here.
This ..., I'm telling you.
A:	This heart is not the physical heart?
B: No, I am removing this thing as heart. Now God, Divinity. If you want to say something to God. Now if you use that instrument ...'Otherwise you say in the heart, no instrument. If you say with this instrument, God will hear. And when He wants to reply, He will reply here. He cannot reply here. He will reply here. On the crown of the head.
A: What a fine telephone!
I am telling you, my Master has given me all experiences, I am full of experiences. And I have not read much, that I clearly say. I have not read much, but that is the only experience. I talk on it and write on it. All things he has shown me practically. So practically speaking that ... So when I talk, I talk in an assertive manner. In assertive manner I talk.
A:	Assertive manner?
B:	Assertive, with surety, with surety.
A:	A-s-s-e-r-t-i-v-e.
 

So now 'hubble - bubble' is there.
So I am a hubble - bubble - totaller. I don't take tea at all. Mrs Davies laughs very much in my talk because sometimes humorous - of course here it was something humorous also, a little, not more. But that is my nature.
Now, Birthe, of course it so happened, that I took a seminar, at Delhi, while coming back from Madras. So why we are not sensitive, that was the question. Why we are not sensitive. I told Mr Sundara, "You think over it and put as many questions as you like, about it, and whatever... And then I shall answer, and I shall myself say what I know about it". So that talk was going on, I think it lasted for maybe 40 minutes, or more than that, I don't know. Questioning an answering. And when he is questioning, I was also questioning ... no, this thing, I was also
A:	Oh, ja then you got the answers?
B: Ah - and so, Birthe heard it, she was very happy, very good talk it was. Only why sensitivity is not developed. That was the only seminar for that. They should give there opinions also, what they like or any question, or I may do it. So they have written the question, also they go on putting the questions or So many persons,
I think 15 or 30 persons, everybody was allowed.
A:	So you can easily give a speech.
B: So I'm telling you, speaker I am not. You just question, I shall . . . . When you question, I shall . . . . some other thing then ... some other thingthen begin to come everything.
A:	Yes, but you are speaker when you put the questions yourself and answer yourself.
Then you do the whole job.
A:	Babuji, by the way, what are the things that block the sensitivity?
A:	Yes. What is it?
B:    First thing is grossness. Grossness of course it is a devil. God and devil. Grossness is devil, and God is God.
A:	One must get rid of grossness first.
 

B: Grossness first, I'm telling you. Everything can be completed by constant remembrance. Even meditation is not so useful as the constant remembrance. But we must do it, it has some specific purpose also, meditation has some specific purpose also. But you see, this constant remembrance is very useful, no I am telling you, 'All the time charging!' You are thinking of God and charging is there. I used to do three things. Well, I am sorry, that I give … give example of what I did, and the people may not think I am praising myself, that is not the idea.
